[Our Dazzling Days]
[Episode 27]
Light it up!
-Hurry up.
-Dongdong, what are you doing?
Come on!
Light it up!
-Light it up!
-Dongdong. Light it.
We're open!
Stop twisting it, Xiaoman.
One more!
Let them pop.
-I triggered it.
-Of course I triggered it.
Mr. Zhao.
Are you done packing
and ready to move?
You've got a lot of stuff.
Where did you find this moving company?
They seem reliable.
Not bad, huh?
Yeah, pretty good.
Aside from everything else,
just look at my books.
They took photos before moving them.
When we get to the new house,
they'll be in the exact same order.
That saves me so much trouble.
Yeah.
Manyi Moving?
What a name.
So fancy.
Where are they?
Okay.
Young men.
You guys are pretty reliable and meticulous.
Thank you.
Do you have a business card that you can give me?
Yes, we do.
We do.
Be careful.
My house is almost done being decorated.
We're getting ready to move.
Here's the card.
That's another moving company.
Isn't that stealing our business?
I don't need you to tell me that.
Piss off and get back to work.
Get lost!
Yan, you're back?
So many people at the plant
say hello to me now.
But I always forget who they are.
It's fine.
They must be your old colleagues.
What a lousy move.
Mr. Yan, when did you get back?
Lousy move? You play then.
I'm not playing.
Then don't yap.
A true gentleman
watches chess games in silence.
-True gentleman?
-You're no gentleman.
Truth gentleman?
With your skills?
Not to mention you. You all know, right?
We do.
Not just in our plant—
even including the main plant...
Right.
No one can beat me.
You.
Yes.
Only your senior
can barely tie with me.
Yan.
Yan Wenyuan, what do you mean?
Why did you bring up my senior?
What's wrong with bringing him up?
He plays better than you.
Then play me. Come on.
Play you?
I won't play you.
You're not good enough.
Why would I play with you?
With your skills...
Let's go.
I won't give you the chance.
He dares to challenge me?
Why would I play him?
Don't you know your own level?
Enough, Dad. I'm hungry.
-I'm hungry. Time to eat.
-I won't give him the chance.
Sorry about that.
Come on. Sit.
Mr. Xia,
this plan has been revised back and forth,
but there haven't been any big changes.
Here's the thing.
I've asked the company
for the greatest sincerity.
I don't think others
can give you this price.
Now,
there is a boss from the south.
He always offers
just a little more than you
to make a deal with me.
I don't quite understand what you mean.
I've said this before.
The Provincial State-owned
Assets Commission has made it clear.
Whoever offers better terms
will be chosen.
How could an outsider know
my reserve price?
Unless someone helped him.
Who?
Me?
Xia Lei, if you're going to
speak to me with that attitude,
I don't think we need to continue.
Mr. Song, don't get upset. It's just...
Here's the thing.
Every time, I come with sincerity.
Lately, you've been
increasing the price.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
How did it become so much all of a sudden?
Right? If you want that much money...
then don't...
Alright, alright.
How about this?
I have things to do.
Mr. Xia, let's call it a day.
Okay?
As for this proposal,
take another look at it.
Okay, I'll revise it.
I'll let you know as soon as I finish.
Okay.
You guys talked for so long.
What are you doing here?
Doing business, of course.
How do you know my price?
When did you get in touch with Kong Peng?
I haven't seen you for a while.
You've really improved.
Since you know everything,
I'll be straight with you.
You withdraw,
and I'll make it worth your while.
What do you think?
Fan Weijie, why...
Why should I cooperate with you?
I just praised you for nothing.
Lei,
do you really think Kong Peng
will let you secure this deal?
What I'm offering Kong Peng,
Fenlier can't afford.
Besides, Fenlier doesn't do charity.
After all,
Kong Peng never intended
to revitalize Factory No. 3.
You're just a cannon foil
to explore the bottom price.
Do you remember Director Li's plant?
You probably don't know this—
Director Li
went to Fenlier to make a scene.
Liar! Get out here!
Liar!
Revitalize? That's just a lie.
It's actually a purge
to clear out old workers,
to turn this plant
into a contract manufacturer for Fenlier.
It's the same for your Factory No. 3.
They want capacity and channels,
not the old employees
you've been fighting so hard to protect.
Instead of competing,
we might as well cooperate.
Do you really think
you have a future at Fenlier?
You should worry about yourself first.
Pawns eventually get sacrificed.
You know that, right?
Thanks.
It's time.
It's my turn to talk to him now.
I guess you've run into some trouble.
I just met Fan Weijie.
He also wants to acquire Factory No. 3.
What's more interesting is
that his price
is always slightly higher than mine,
and this is related to Kong Peng.
There's nothing we can do
without evidence.
Although I thought at first
Kong Peng wouldn't let you off so easily,
but since he can cooperate
with Fan Weijie,
the two of them
must have reached some agreement.
Kong Peng really is quite something.
He wants to get rid of me
as the thorn in his side,
yet at the same time, he wants to make
Factory No. 3 bigger and stronger
so that he can swallow it.
So,
from the start,
this project has been about
each side getting what they need.
Business is like a battlefield.
Don't let your feelings get in the way.
Stay sharp.
Why is he here?
Be careful.
Unbuckle it!
Don't scratch or bump it.
-Unbuckle it!
-Don't worry, it's safe.
What's going on here?
Liu.
Wh-What's going on?
They came to me.
Their price is half of yours.
Xiaoman, if you give me their price,
I'll still hire you guys.
Come on, sir.
We agreed on this price.
You can't go back on your word.
Come on!
He's not going back on his word.
He's reasoning with you politely.
Why are you
accusing him of breaking his word?
Besides,
is it wrong for me
to save money for the customer?
Who wants to waste money?
Only a fool would do that.
Right, Liu?
Bro, is that even a normal price?
You're openly stealing our business,
aren't you?
Liu.
We had a deal.
We've canceled all other work today.
Stop the nonsense.
I really...
Get lost! Get lost!
Who do you think
you're telling to get lost?
Are you looking for a beating?
Hurry up!
Are you just going to let this go?
With these thugs here?
Don't cause trouble when we're out.
Their price is cheaper. What can we do?
Come on. Let me tell you, Xiaoman.
Do you know why I'm so serious with them?
I think there should be
a limit to everything.
Do you understand?
What are they doing?
We turned down all our other work.
And they pulled this stunt.
We kept our word!
Why haven't you started working?
Isn't this a big job?
Da, don't be angry.
Now we don't need to do anything.
Just think of it as a day off.
I'll buy us some beer tonight.
Let's have a drink.
No.
It's just...
I really can't swallow this insult,
you know?
He's obviously trying to screw us over.
He thinks we're pushovers.
What's wrong, Da?
You can't control your temper again?
You've had enough of the good life
and it's time for prison now, huh?
What's with all the fighting?
It's obvious what happened.
Curb your temper.
Listen to me.
Harmony brings wealth.
Oh my god!
Ding! Ding!
Ding! It's smudged! Ding!
What is smudged?
What?
The glass. The glass is smudged.
Who did this?
Did you see who did this?
I didn't see anyone.
Which bastard did this?
Don't let me catch him!
I'll kill him!
That's so mean! Why would they do this?
That's so shady!
Xiaoman, let me tell you,
if this were a few years ago,
I would have flattened their house!
Is it the black car?
Don't worry. I asked around.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Wait.
Let's go.
Hello?
Wait for me at home.
Didn't I tell you? I've already eaten.
Why did you bother cooking for me?
What's the use of getting angry?
Wait for me a bit longer.
I'll be back in a while. Okay.
No need to come in.
Alright.
Jinlong, what are you doing?
Mr. Ding, stay out of this.
Where is your dad?
Zhang Xiaoman!
Who are you? Why are you shouting?
Get down here!
Wh-what the hell are you doing?
-Who is it?
-Why are you shouting?
Jinlong.
Jinlong? What do you want?
What do I want? You think you're tough?
Do you know how many days
I spent puking because of you?
Let me tell you.
If you know what's good for you,
take down this damn sign right now.
Or else I'll kill you.
Enough.
Can't you pick up some good habits?
Always talking about killing.
Let me see
how many people you've actually killed.
This is a society ruled by law.
Fair business competition
is normal, isn't it?
Let me tell you something.
This is between him and me.
If any of you dares to interfere,
I'll kill them.
Who do you think you're pointing at?
Alright, that's enough.
Look at how old you are.
Always talking about killing people.
I'll do as you say.
Let's fight one-on-one.
One-on-one?
Who's going to fight you?
Look at you.
Xiaoman,
don't start a fight. Listen to me.
No one calls the police!
Okay.
Let's see if your fist is harder
than my face.
Let's do this.
Come on.
-Let's do this.
-I...
You never stop!
You're a grown man,
yet you don't know when to stop.
Let go of me!
You never learn!
Wait, wait. Just wait till I get up!
Will you learn your lesson?
Don't move. Why won't you learn?
Xiaoman, get up!
What are you doing?
What are you doing here?
Get up.
Does it hurt?
No one wants to steal your business.
There are only so many jobs, right?
We are just competing fairly.
I'm letting this slide
for Mr. Ding's sake.
Just you wait.
Mr. Zhuang!
What are you doing?
Stop.
Chief Engineer Yan is missing.
What?
Chief Engineer Yan is missing!
When did he get lost?
We went to dig for wild vegetables.
Chief Engineer Yan saw us
and insisted on coming along.
But halfway there,
the car ran out of gas.
The driver went to get gas
and told us to walk back.
But when we got back,
we couldn't find Chief Engineer Yan.
None of us saw where he went.
Xiaodan told me
her father
has Alzheimer's and gets confused.
That was when I found out he was sick.
They told me to wait here
and keep Chief Engineer Yan here
if he comes back.
What a mess.
Where are we going?
To visit a grave.
Those little bastards.
We'll be exhausted if we walk back.
Visiting a grave is good.
I didn't go during the Qingming Festival.
I should go see my old friends.
I remember now.
Chief Engineer Yan asked me
where we were going.
I was angry,
so I said we were going to visit a grave.
It's okay, sir.
Don't worry. I'll go look for him.
-Do Xia Lei and the others know?
-Xiaodan.
I just told them.
They went to look for him too.
Okay, okay. It's fine.
Don't worry.
It's okay.
Look how worried you are.
It's okay, sir. Don't worry.
-Xia Lei.
-He will find him.
Don't worry.
Chief Engineer Yan is missing, right?
It's okay.
He probably went to the cemetery
on the back hill.
I'll head over there first.
Okay. Don't worry. Okay.
Go home. It's fine, I'll go look for him.
The three of us will go look for him.
Don't worry.
Go back now.
I know you blame me.
Bro.
He blames me.
He doesn't. Aren't you two getting along?
Because I haven't visited him in a while.
[Late Zhao Cun]
I was too ashamed to come.
Sometimes I wonder,
if back then,
he had survived and I had died,
he would have definitely stayed
with this plant until the end.
Let's not think about that.
Bro, we're doing fine now.
Why dwell on it?
You don't know him.
He's our brother.
Yes.
We joined the plant in the same year.
I know.
That... Dalin?
Zhuang Dalin.
Zhuang Dalin's senior.
Right.
He was the best technician
in our plant back then.
Don't just stare. Bow to him.
Right.
Do I have to teach you everything?
We came to see you.
We're here to see you.
You didn't bring any booze?
I did.
You did?
It's right here.
Let me get this cap off.
Don't mess around.
It's sauce-aroma baijiu.
That's the good stuff.
Let him have some.
Just a little.
Zhao couldn't hold his liquor.
Just a little then.
A sip is enough.
Should I leave the bottle here for him?
Leave it here.
Our bro poured you a drink.
I never expected this.
When you moved to Shanghai,
I thought we'd never meet again.
I didn't expect
that we'd be able to have a drink together
and talk.
It's fine. We're close by anyway.
Right? We can come by when we're free.
Right.
Whenever the weather is nice,
just give me a call, and we'll come over.
Okay.
Okay?
So let's head back for today, alright?
We're going back?
Time to cook.
Alright.
Let's go.
Okay.
Let's go home to cook.
Zhao,
I'm heading back.
See you.
Let's go.
Let's go home.
Xiaoman.
Where have you been?
I've been looking everywhere for you.
Who was looking for whom?
I was looking for you, of course.
You're causing trouble again.
Not only did you skip school,
but you came here to play.
It's dangerous here.
What if something happens to you?
No, Uncle.
We were doing an extracurricular activity.
She just got lost.
We found her now.
Extracurricular activity?
Yes.
Right.
Who is this girl?
For the extracurricular activity...
I am their classmate.
They came to find me.
Right. She's in the class next door.
How come I don't know her?
You didn't lead them astray, did you?
That wasn't me.
Bro, the kids are just playing.
It's okay.
Let's go home to eat.
I'll take you home.
Let's go home!
Let's go home to eat!
Let's go home.
March forward!
I'll carry your clothes.
Okay.
How did you know my dad was here?
We chat all the time.
When I heard Uncle Yan was lost,
I came right away.
Thank you.
No problem. We found him.
If you can't find him again, just tell me.
Are these people all from your plant?
It has been decades.
Those who have passed are all here.
I wonder where they all came from.
I wonder if they have
any family left
to visit them now.
Back then,
some people
brought their whole families along.
Others
might have just come alone.
But in the end,
they all stayed at our plant.
It's nice that everyone is together.
At least they aren't lonely.
Let's go.
Hold your own clothes.
Don't just toss them.
Let's go.
♪ I came to the street ♪
Dad, to the right.
I know.
♪ Listen from the beginning ♪
Who is this?
♪ They are no bandits ♪
Mr. Zhuang, why are you still here?
What are you doing here?
I was worried.
Yan...
He...
I can find my way back.
They're just meddling.
They were worrying for nothing.
Don't worry, I'm fine.
See? I'm back.
How could I not find my own home?
♪ They are no bandits ♪
It's good that he's back.
I couldn't bear the responsibility.
It's okay. Don't worry.
He's...
He's fine now.
Mr. Zhuang, why don't you go back first?
Take good care of your dad.
I'll head back now.
Go ahead.
You should go back now.
Your family must be worried.
Take care.
Let's go.
Move forward a bit.
Move forward. Come on.
Go down.
Come this way.
Is that okay?
Forward a little more.
Okay.
Are you Manyi Moving Company?
I called you just now.
You called us?
It's 500 yuan, right?
You won't raise the price, will you?
No extra charge.
We stick to the agreed price.
Alright.
So, this is our stuff.
These things.
Let's get to it.
Don't move!
Zhang Xiaoman.
Enemies really do cross paths.
So annoying.
This job is mine.
You stay out of it.
Jinlong, what is wrong with you?
Do you have maggots on you?
Why are you always acting weird with me?
Don't give me that smart mouth.
This job is mine.
Don't try to steal it.
What do you mean it's yours?
They approached me.
They called me.
Can you be reasonable?
They called me first.
Well...
Yes, I called them first.
I even paid half the price as a deposit.
But as soon as they moved things down,
they jacked up the price,
asking for an upstairs fee
and a labor fee.
1,200 yuan out of nowhere.
I said I could only add 500.
But he refused.
That's why I called you.
Why do you guys always pull this crap?
Price gouging?
What?
Trying to be the scum of the industry?
Don't act like a saint here.
1,200. Not a penny less.
1,200?
Must be 1,200.
Or you won't do it, right?
Yes.
We'll do it.
Come on.
We'll do it. I'm taking this job, okay?
Step aside.
You're fired. Come on.
Zhang Xiaoman.
You really dare to steal my job?
What?
You want to fight?
You want a fight?
Yes.
I'll fix you up good today.
Call for backup. Hurry.
-Don't leave.
-Do it.
Alright. We're not leaving.
Do it. Do it.
Stay right here. Do you hear me?
I'd like to see who you call.
My gosh, look at you acting tough.
Your name is Wang Jinlong, right?
Yes, Wang Jinlong.
Pretty tough.
Yeah, tough.
Please come over.
Alright. Who are you calling?
The police.
Hello?
Uh, Officer.
We called the wrong number.
We were just messing around.
Wrong number.
Sorry about that.
Alright. Let's go.
-Jinlong.
-Just you wait!
Don't touch me!
Just you wait!
Stay right here!
All you can do is call the police.
Zhuang, you're here?
Come in, come in.
I came to see Yan.
Okay.
Come in. Please.
My son
sent this from Hainan.
It's some coconut juice. Sickly sweet.
He said it's good for the brain.
Zhuang Sen bought this for you.
Why did you bring it to Yan?
Sit down, sit down.
It's good for Yan's brain.
Okay, you guys talk.
Okay.
You guys talk.
You haven't shown your face in a while.
Let me tell you.
Yan.
With your high blood pressure...
I came to apologize to you.
Sometimes I speak
without thinking.
Don't take anything I said to heart.
Wait. What did you say?
You forgot?
Forget I said anything.
What?
I didn't forget.
You said I was a deserter.
Don't listen to their nonsense.
No, you said it yourself.
I was wondering.
I worked hard for our East Chemical Plant
my whole life.
How did I end up being a deserter?
Then let me explain it for you.
Go ahead.
That year, after the accident,
I didn't blame you.
My senior didn't blame you either.
You got promoted all the way up.
You deserved that.
But,
when the big ship
of East Chemical Plant was sinking,
you were the first to jump ship.
You were the top technical expert.
When you left, Director Meng left too.
We old workers
all had issues with you guys.
You're talking about two different things.
Let me explain them one by one.
Let's talk about the first thing.
After the accident,
your senior passed away.
Back then, I felt worse than anyone.
But he was already dead.
What could I do?
You saw how I worked in the plant.
Didn't I work myself to the bone?
I did the work of several people.
It's true that later on,
they gave me the title of Chief Engineer.
But whether I had that title or not,
it didn't matter to me.
What was I thinking about?
Building up the plant well.
That was the only way
to let our dead brothers rest in peace.
Right?
Okay.
Let me tell you about the second thing.
You said I was a deserter.
I admit it. I ran away.
The plant had stopped production
back then.
I left.
My whole family moved to Shanghai
to be with my daughter for her studies.
But you don't know,
my heart...
has never left the East Chemical Plant
for a single day.
What I wanted was that
once my daughter graduates,
I'd come back—
return to where I belong.
When these old bones of mine die,
I must die at the East Chemical Plant.
I thought that now you're sick,
you'd have forgotten all that.
I won't forget that.
I'll never forget.
Yan,
I was wrong.
I shouldn't have called you a deserter.
There's
no right or wrong in this.
You have grievances,
and the brothers have grievances.
I understand.
Today, let's just clear
this knot in our hearts.
It's decided then.
I'm back.
Mom, Dad.
-Hello, Mrs. Yan.
-Xia Lei is here.
You're here, brat.
Sir.
Listen to me, brat.
You're having dinner at our house tonight.
Okay?
Xiaodan.
Go buy a bottle of good liquor.
Get up.
The food's cooking
and you're just sleeping here.
Time to eat.
I was taking a nap.
I have... I have an idea.
I want to change
how our moving company runs.
I want to do...
high-end moving.
High-end moving?
What does that mean?
I saw it in Japan before.
This kind of moving company
doesn't just move your furniture
and leave it at the new place.
They start at your old home,
noting all your habits,
marking exactly
where every piece of furniture goes,
and packing up all your clothes, shoes,
essentials, and miscellaneous stuff.
Then at the new place,
they put everything back
in its original spot—
bedroom stuff in the bedroom,
bathroom stuff in the bathroom.
You don't have to worry about a thing.
And once it's all done,
they even do a thorough cleaning.
That's great.
A one-stop service.
Zhang Xiaoman, get down here!
Strip them. Strip the leaves.
What are you doing?
We had a deal.
We stay out of each other's way.
But you crossed the line immediately.
What do you mean?
What job did I steal from you?
I didn't even charge that old lady.
Stop playing dumb with me.
I'm telling you,
you won't walk out of here today.
You're not gonna keep these plants!
You're not! Bite me!
Let go! What's wrong with you?
You're tall and blocking the camera.
Don't you know?
Why are there so many people for moving?
Xiaoman?
Mr. Qu?
Chunchun?
Wait.
It's your shop?
Yes.
Well...
What are you guys doing here?
Well... we were just passing by.
Passing by?
So all these people were passing by?
Well... I don't know them.
I... I came to buy flowers.
Who is he?
He... he's from our plant.
He often comes to chat with me.
Right, right. We grew up together.
We came to find Xiaoman
to ch-chat for a while.
Chat?
Are you done chatting?
Yes, yes.
We're done. Let's go.
Wanna chat a bit more?
No.
Bye, Xiaoman.
Jinlong, Jinlong.
What's this Zhang Xiaoman's background?
Why is it... that...
Keep it down.
You scared me to death
coming in like that.
Mr. Qu, you...
You're not sick?
Why should I be sick?
Back at the hospital,
I thought you were delusional.
Turns out you were telling the truth.
Delusional? Come on.
I have bipolar disorder.
I have business with you.
I've already blown that hill flat.
The digging there is almost done.
You actually blew it up?
Weren't you talking about building a...
hot spring pool?
He was just talking nonsense.
You're ridiculous!
I was serious! You...
Xiaoman, this business of yours—
I'm telling you—
you made a good choice. Not bad.
What a coincidence that you came here.
Tell me about it.
I saw online
there's a Manyi Moving
with good reviews.
So, here I am.
I need to move too.
No problem.
Today, Zhang Xiaoman was talking about
some kind of
high-end and one-stop service—
packing and cleaning included.
You can try it.
High-end moving? That's great.
Come on.
Here.
What are you doing, Mr. Qu?
It's for moving.
Are you moving abroad?
With all this money?
Moving abroad?
This is just a small token.
You don't need this much, Mr. Qu.
Why are you giving me all this money?
It's not necessary.
That's because you don't know
how big my house is.
-Okay.
-I'll give you more if it's not enough.
Alright.
If there's nothing else,
I'll get going then.
Don't go, Mr. Qu. Stay a while.
I can't. I'm busy.
Your dad was one of the first college graduates
trained in China after 1949.
In the workshop,
at East Chemical Plant,
he was the cream of the crop.
My senior was a talent.
Whenever the plant selected
outstanding workers
or model employees,
the two of them were always neck and neck.
Neither would give in.
What did people in the workshop call them?
Like in books... What's that saying?
The...
The Peerless Twins?
Arch-rivals.
Sit. Let's have a seat.
You too.
Okay.
Mr. Zhuang, what about...
that accident you mentioned?
That was the biggest production accident
since the plant was built.
The day of the explosion,
my senior and your dad were both there.
The reactor's giant lid flew off
and shielded them.
Half a floor's worth of rubble
buried them.
We dug for a long, long time
before we got them out.
Your dad didn't have a scratch on him.
But my senior
wasn't shielded.
He was crushed to death.
I'm sorry, Mr. Zhuang.
I didn't know that's what happened.
We've talked it all out.
I didn't blame your father,
and my senior wouldn't have either.
Your father's illness
is in his head.
He has to let it go himself.
You should spend more time with him.
You guys talk.
I can get back on my own.
-Let us see you off.
-We'll see you off.
No need. I can get back on my own.
Well...
My generation...
has deep feelings
for East Chemical Plant.
The friendship of the older generation
is really enviable.
East Chemical Plant really is different.
It's full of human touch.
And it has warmth.
Being in here,
everything is so wonderful
that it's like a dream.
When I started college, I told Xiaoman
that our plant was different
from the outside world.
At that time,
I couldn't explain it clearly.
I couldn't describe that feeling,
what that difference really was.
It's just that...
Xiaoman could take a pair of chopsticks
and get a full meal
at any neighbor's door.
And look at my dad and Mr. Zhuang.
For the sake of their senior,
they'd protect the plant with their lives.
This is the dream they built over decades.
Look at me.
I ended up studying architectural design.
I want to keep my dream alive too.
I want to pour my dream
into my work.
Through architecture,
I want to solidify my dream,
to protect it.
I never thought about
protecting a dream.
I heard our plant is going to relocate.
Is that true?
I don't know.
I heard it while I was out working.
The Tiecheng government
made the final call.
They say some people
can buy out their seniority.
And some people
can go to Yingkou.
But we're still on the plant payroll.
What do you think?
What do I think?
Just stay put for now.
I heard a customer at the dance hall
say the other day,
that a group of people
don't want to leave,
so they're looking for someone
to buy the plant.
If someone takes over,
the plant can keep running.
Otherwise,
everyone gets a severance package
and goes their separate ways.
Xiaoman, haven't you heard?
They say several people are in talks,
including that classmate of yours,
Xia Lei.
He's in talks too.
You don't have any insider info?
-Xia Lei?
-I don't know.
He didn't tell me.
Anyway, my thought is,
let's not worry about the plant.
We can't do anything about it anyway.
We haven't starved all these years,
have we?
We've supported ourselves.
As long as we keep doing our business well
and earn enough to support our families,
that's enough.
But...
Home—
we can't be without it.
We must come back often.
I like that.
We can't be without a home.
Well said!
-Here!
-Bravo!
It...
It feels like I'm getting applause.
Director.
Regarding the acquisition of your plant,
can we proceed with it?
Mr. Yu,
here's the thing.
The City Investment Promotion Office
has introduced a few enterprises
to revitalize these assets.
The higher-ups are currently studying
the proposals
to see if they are feasible.
But as for the feasibility of your plan...
it isn't very high.
My plan isn't feasible?
How is my plan not feasible?
Is the money not enough?
Or do you have other difficulties?
We are considered a major enterprise.
Yes, it is.
Just be honest with me.
If there are any difficulties,
like financial issues,
we can put our cards on the table.
No, no, no, Mr. Yu.
Speak your mind.
Otherwise, I'd think you're making up lies
to jack up the price on me.
Just kidding.
Director.
Oh, you have a guest?
Do you need something?
Yes, I do.
Then wait for me outside for a moment.
Okay.
I'll be honest with you.
There's an executive
of a foreign enterprise
who grew up in this plant community.
How could someone from here
not care about his own plant?
So, our plant
has the potential
to be revitalized at any time.
Yu, actually,
our priority is employment.
It concerns people's livelihoods
and the development of the region.
If right now,
I just snap my fingers
and sell the plant to you,
I can't bear that responsibility.
It would be a loss of assets.
Loss of assets?
To be honest,
I've toured your plant
and seen it for myself.
Can that pile of junk you have
really be called assets?
I'm here to help you solve your problems.
Right?
If you don't sell it to me,
who else
would come to such a place
to buy your plant?
No one, right?
Mr. Yu, there is one.
-There is?
-Now... Yes.
It's the person in charge of Fenlier,
Xia Lei.
He's inspecting our plant right now.
Xia Lei?
Yes.
Is that...
the top student who came from our plant?
That Xia Lei?
That's him.
You know him?
I don't know him well.
He...
is a childhood friend of Xiaoman.
Xiaoman?
You see, Mr. Yu.
I didn't lie to you, did I?
Director.
I really have spent
half a year on this.
And then today you suddenly tell me
some nobody
says they're going to revitalize it.
How?
If it could be revitalized,
it would have been.
You wouldn't be waiting until now.
Yes.
Alright?
I'll be waiting for your news then.
Okay.
What is that smell?
Yu, look.
They are all workers waiting for the news.
I was born and raised here.
Don't I know it?
It can't be revitalized.
So I think,
we should just let it die.
Director, you know my family's situation.
I was laid off temporarily back then.
I was grateful Factory No. 3 took me in.
I thought from then on,
I would work hard for the plant
and do whatever you ask me to do.
I didn't expect
Factory No. 3 to be shut down as well.
No, Shi.
The policy about our plant
hasn't come out yet.
Don't worry.
I can't give you an answer right now.
Director, how can I not be worried?
My wife is from the neighboring village.
My parents are here too.
I really can't leave.
Director,
the day I joined the plant, I thought,
I, Shi Dongming,
would work for the plant all my life.
I'd do whatever I was told.
But now, before it's even the end,
you've abandoned me
and given up. What's that about?
Who said we've given up, Shi?
What do you think I'm doing right now?
What I'm doing now
is to ensure every worker in our plant
gets a good outcome.
I promise you.
As long as one worker is unsettled,
I won't leave.
Director, I trust your character.
I just want...
I just want a definite time.
I just want exact information.
It's just... I...
It'll be soon. It'll be soon.
Alright? I'm begging you,
please leave.
Repeat what you just told me
to the others in the plant.
Alright.
Also, let that arrogant,
stupid guy—
what did the Plant Director
say his name was?
Xia Lei.
Right. Let Xia Lei know too,
so he backs off.
Okay.
Shi.
It's me, Zhigang. Do you remember me?
I know who you are.
Everyone at the East Chemical Plant
knows someone like you.
Come on. What are you doing?
I wanted to talk to you about
the acquisition of Factory No. 3.
If you don't want to know, fine.
W-Wait a minute.
I know about the acquisition.
Tell me about it.
Let's see if your information is correct.
Come.
Come here.
You saw that guy up there just now?
That is Yu.
He is competing with Xia Lei
to acquire this plant.
I don't care about who he is.
Xia Lei will win against
anyone competing with him.
If the plant
falls into the hands of people like you,
nothing good will come of it.
Let me tell you, you're wrong about that.
Can Xia Lei save this plant?
Can he? He just runs a trading company.
Once he resells it,
there'll be nothing left.
You have no idea how powerful Yu is.
Yu has real money.
Do you understand?
If it's really as good as you say,
why didn't Mr. Song sell the plant
directly to you guys.
Why would you be here yapping at me?
Let me tell you, you're really stupid.
Why do you think they're stalling?
Mr. Song is stalling
to show his competence to his superiors.
What does Xia Lei
holding out have to do with you?
Don't try to
drive a wedge between us here.
We all know that
Mr. Song's goal is to save the plant.
Xia Lei is a child from our plant.
Maybe our Factory No. 3
will be saved
and start making a profit.
You'll be green with envy then.